---
title: Regional perfusion monitoring in shock
date: 2021-03-06 10:15:43
permalink: /pages/2251c8/
categories:
  - 血流技术
tags:
  - 
---
:::: tabs

::: tab 英文原文
# Regional perfusion monitoring in shock
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Despite restoration of adequate systemic blood flow in patients with shock, single organs may remain hypoperfused. In this review, we summarize the results of a literature research on methods to monitor single organ perfusion in shock. We focused on methods to measure heart, brain, kidney, and/or visceral organ perfusion. Furthermore, only methods that can be used in real-time and at the bedside were included.
RECENT FINDINGS: We identified studies on physical examination techniques, electrocardiography, echocardiography, contrast-enhanced ultrasound, near-infrared spectroscopy, and Doppler sonography to assess single organ perfusion.
SUMMARY: Physical examination techniques have a reasonable negative predictive value to exclude single organ hypoperfusion but are nonspecific to detect it. Technical methods to indirectly measure myocardial perfusion include ECG and echocardiography. Contrast-enhanced ultrasound can quantify myocardial perfusion but has so far only been used to detect regional myocardial hypoperfusion. Near-infrared spectroscopy and transcranial Doppler sonography can be used to assess cerebral perfusion and determine autoregulation thresholds of the brain. Both Doppler and contrast-enhanced ultrasound techniques are novel methods to evaluate renal and visceral organ perfusion. A key limitation of most techniques is the inability to determine adequacy of organ blood flow to meet the organs' metabolic demands.
:::

::: tab 休克局部灌注的监测

目的:休克患者全身血流得以恢复后，单个器官仍然存在低灌注。故而针对休克单器官灌注的监测进行综述。关注心、脑、肾和/或内脏器官的灌注。而且只包括那些实时的和床旁的方法。
最新进展：明确能够评估单个器官灌注的有体格检查技术，心电图，心脏超声，增强超声，近红外光谱和多普勒超声。
